To characterize the audio aura of the listener based on their top 100 songs, I would first calculate the average of the three audio features: energy, danceability, and valence.

Energy measures how active or intense a song is. High-energy songs are often upbeat and danceable, while low-energy songs are more mellow and relaxed.
Danceability measures how easy it is to dance to a song. High-danceability songs have a steady beat and a simple rhythm, while low-danceability songs are more complex and less predictable.
Valence measures how positive or negative a song is. High-valence songs are often happy and upbeat, while low-valence songs are more sad or melancholic.


SELECT AVG(energy + danceability + valence) FROM songs;


Why the calculated audio aura might not be very representative of the listener

There are a few reasons why the calculated audio aura might not be very representative of the listener:

The audio features energy, danceability, and valence are just three of many factors that contribute to the overall mood and vibe of a song. Other factors, such as the lyrics, genre, and instrumentation, can also play a role.
The audio features are calculated using a mathematical algorithm, which may not always accurately reflect the listener's subjective experience of the music.
The listener's top 100 songs may not be representative of their overall listening habits. For example, if they have recently discovered a new artist or genre, their top 100 songs may be skewed towards that artist or genre.
Better ways of calculating the audio aura

Here are a few ways to improve the accuracy of the calculated audio aura:

Consider a wider range of audio features, such as tempo, loudness, and key.
Use a human-in-the-loop approach to refine the audio features and ensure that they accurately reflect the listener's subjective experience of the music.
Take into account the listener's overall listening habits, rather than just their top 100 songs.
One way to do this would be to use a music streaming service like Spotify or Apple Music. These services have access to the listener's entire listening history, which can be used to calculate a more accurate audio aura.

Another way to improve the accuracy of the audio aura would be to use a machine learning approach. This would involve training a model to predict the listener's audio aura based on a variety of factors, such as their listening history, demographics, and personality.

Overall, there are a number of ways to improve the accuracy of the calculated audio aura. By considering a wider range of factors and using a more sophisticated approach, it is possible to create a more accurate and representative reflection of the listener's musical preferences.
